This asset is governed by the Asset Store EULA; however, the following components are governed by the licenses indicated below:

A. Photon Unity Networking (PUN) and Photon Voice

License Agreement for Exit Games Photon 

1.0	Photon Offerings and License Schemes.

1.1	Photon Offerings. The Photon Offerings include the Licensed Software and associated Software Development Kits (collectively, the “Licensed Products”). “Licensed Software” means Exit Games Photon software, as well as any documentation, operating instructions, user manuals and other materials which may be licensed by and furnished to Customer by Exit Games in printed or electronic format. “Software Development Kit” or “SDK” means software development kit, including any subsequent updates or upgrades made available to Customer, and any associated documentation, software code, or other materials made available by Exit Games to assist Customer in providing Customer’s games that interoperate with the Licensed Software (each a “Customer Game”).

1.2	Licensed Software Delivery Schemes and Types. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Exit Games provides the Licensed Software under this Agreement as a cloud based service (“Cloud Version”) or as a server version (“Server Version”).  Certain Licensed Software is only available as Cloud Version.

	(a)	Cloud Version. With a subscription to the Cloud Version, the Licensed Software is made available by Exit Games on a hosted, software-as-a-service (SaaS) basis and Customer is authorized to use the Licensed Software for no more than the agreed number of Customer’s individual, concurrently active users that are logged into the Licensed Software regardless from the region the users login (“CCU”). Exit Games makes available the Cloud Version Licensed Software for specific geographic regions (e.g., U.S., Europe and Asia) and Customer must choose those regions when ordering the Cloud Version. A subscription to the Cloud Version also includes applicable SDKs provided to Customer to assist Customer in developing Customer Games that interoperate with the Licensed Software. The SDKs are provided for download by Customer.

	(b)	Server Version. With a subscription to the Server Version, the Licensed Software is provided for download and Customer may use the Licensed Software for no more than the agreed number of dedicated Servers and CCU per a single Server. “Server” means one server that is either bare metal hardware or a virtual machine (VM). 

1.3	Free and Trial License Types. In addition to commercial licenses for the Licensed Products, from time to time, Exit Games may, but shall not be obliged to, offer free or trial versions of the Licensed Products on a limited time and/or volume basis (each a “Trial Software License”). Each Trial Software License shall be subject to the access and use restrictions of this Agreement, as well as any time and/or volume restrictions applicable to a Trial Software License. Time and/or volume restrictions applicable to a Trial Software License shall be specified at the time the relevant Trial Software License is ordered. Exit Games reserves the right to discontinue free or trial versions of the Licensed Products and/or to terminate a Trial Software License at any time and for any reason.

1.4	Administrative Interface. Customer’s designated Authorized Users of the Cloud Version Licensed Software will have access to a restricted-access administrative interface feature which allows for configuration, management and monitoring of, and restricting access to, the Cloud Version Licensed Software. Customer is solely responsible for all actions taken by Authorized Users or through use of the passwords provided to such Authorized Users. For purposes of this Agreement, an “Authorized User” is:

(i) if Customer is an individual: solely Customer and other temporary workers authorized by Customer to use the Licensed Products while performing duties within the scope of their employment or assignment; or

(ii) if Customer is a legal entity: any employee, independent contractor and other temporary worker authorized by Customer to use the Cloud Version Licensed Products while performing duties within the scope of their employment or assignment.


2.0	Increase and Decrease of CCU. 

2.1	Increase of CCU. Subject to payment of additional Fees (as defined below), Customer may at any time increase the number of CCU licensed by Customer for Customer’s use of the Licensed Software under this Agreement by ordering additional CCU for the relevant Licensed Software (each, an “Additional CCU”). The Term (as defined below) pertaining to the Additional CCU shall equal the period of time remaining on the then-current Term pertaining to the applicable Licensed Software that is in effect when ordering Additional CCU so that the Term for the Cloud Version of the applicable Licensed Software shall be coterminous, regardless of when the Additional CCU for the Licensed Software were ordered. Exit Games shall charge such additional Fees on a pro-rata basis for the rest of the Term.

2.2	Decrease of CCU.  Subject to the exceptions set out in Section 2.3, Customer may at any time also decrease the number of the CCU licensed by Customer for Customer’s use of the Licensed Software under this Agreement. Such decrease of CCU shall take immediate effect. The Term pertaining to the then remaining CCU shall equal the Term pertaining to the Cloud Licensed Software that is in effect. Upon decreasing the number of CCU, Exit Games will not refund to Customer any Fees that Customer has paid for any CCU, but shall issue a bonus equal to the amount of Fees that Customer has paid in advance for the decreased number of CCU for the benefit of the Customer (the “Bonus”). The Bonus shall be deducted from any Fees or additional Fees Customer may pay for any future use of the Licensed Products under this Agreement; provided, however, that the Bonus shall only be valid for three (3) years, commencing on the day Customer elects to decrease the number of CCU.

2.3	Exception. Under a 100 CCU One-Time Payment Cloud License Customer may not decrease the total number of CCU below 100 CCU.


3.0	Software, License Grants and Restrictions.

3.1	License Grants. Subject to the terms of this Agreement and during the applicable license Term, Exit Games grants to Customer a term-limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable right to: (a) permit Customer’s end-users to access and use the Licensed Software in combination with Customer’s own software in accordance with the agreed license scheme, unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing; (b) download, install, and use applicable SDKs on Customer’s devices solely to design, develop, and test Customer Games; and (c) use and make a reasonable number of copies of any descriptions, instructions, or other documentation made available in connection with the Licensed Products, if any (“Documentation”). The Licensed Software is deemed accepted upon Customer’s receipt of the license key if the Licensed Software is provided as Server Version or, if the Software is provided as Cloud Version, upon Customer’s first use of the Licensed Software. 

3.2	License Restrictions. Except as otherwise expressly permitted under this Agreement, Customer agrees not to: (a) reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of or trade secrets embodied in the Licensed Products or any portion thereof; (b) distribute, transfer, grant sublicenses to, or otherwise make available the Licensed Products (or any portion thereof) to third parties; provided, however, that Customer can make the Licensed Products available to Authorized Users and/or the Licensed Software available to end users in connection with providing access to the Customer Game(s) (however, for purposes of clarity, Customer shall not make the Licensed Software available through resellers or other distributors); (c) embed or incorporate in any manner the Licensed Software (or any element thereof) into Customer and/or third-party applications, except for Customer Games; (d) create modifications to or derivative works of the Licensed Software; (e) reproduce the Licensed Products, except that Customer may make up to two archival copies of the Licensed Software solely for backup purposes and a limited number of copies of SDKs as necessary to use the Licensed Software and develop Customer Games; (f) attempt, or permit any third party to attempt, to modify, alter, or circumvent the license control and protection mechanisms within the Licensed Software; (g) use or transmit the Licensed Software in violation of any applicable law, rule or regulation, including any export/import laws; (h) remove, obscure or alter any copyright notices or any name, trademark, service mark, tagline, hyperlink or other designation of Exit Games displayed on any display screen within the Licensed Software (“Exit Games Marks”); (i) commercially exploit the Licensed Products in a way that competes with Exit Games business (e.g., offering the Licensed Software as part of a commercial gaming service); (j) use SDKs to create, design, or develop anything other than Customer Games; (k) use SDKs to create or attempt to create a product that will understand and interpret the communications and commands between Licensed Software; or (l) use SDKs to circumvent any technical or licensing restrictions of the Licensed Software, or to upload or otherwise transmit any material containing software viruses or other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any software or hardware. Customer shall not permit any third party to perform any of the foregoing actions and shall be responsible for all damages and liabilities incurred as a result of such actions. The Licensed Products are “commercial items,” as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. 2.101 (OCT 1995), and more specifically is “commercial computer software” and “commercial computer software documentation,” as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (SEPT 1995). Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (JUNE 1995), the Licensed Products are provided to U.S. Government end users (i) only as a commercial end item and (ii) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein.

3.3	Server Version License Verification. For Customer’s first initialization of the Server Version Licensed Software and every 60 minutes after its first successful initialization, the Server Version Licensed Software connects automatically to Exit Games’ license servers via HTTPS protocol (port 443) to verify that Customer does not exceed the agreed number of Servers and CCU and to prevent access to and use of the Licensed Software in the event that Customer fails to pay the applicable fees when due. Customer will not be able to use the Server Version Licensed Software (i) at all if the verification test for the first initialization fails or (ii) 24 hours after a subsequent verification test has failed.

3.4	Customer Data. Customer grants Exit Games a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, royalty-free, limited license to store and use any data, information, images, text, media, and content of Customer or its end users processed by the Licensed Products (“Customer Data”), subject to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, solely (a) as necessary to perform Exit Games’ obligations and exercise its rights under this Agreement, or (b) to respond to service or technical problems of Customer with the Licensed Products. Customer is responsible for the content and all data submitted by Customer or Customer’s end users to Exit Games. Neither Customer nor  its end users will upload as part of the Customer Data any of the following types of information, and Exit Games assumes no liability with respect to such information:  (a) information protected under the privacy or security regulations issued pursuant to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), and (b) personally identifiable information including (i) driver’s license numbers, (ii) passport numbers or (iii) social security, tax ID or similar numbers. Customer and all its end users will use the Licensed Products in compliance with applicable laws and in a manner that does not violate or infringe any rights of any third party. Customer will at its own expense indemnify, defend and hold harmless any action against Exit Games and/or Exit Games’ affiliates, their officers, directors, employees, consultants and/or agents, brought by a third party to the extent that the action (including but not limited to any governmental investigations, complaints, and actions) relates to Customer Data, including but not limited to, infringement or misappropriation any third party´s intellectual property rights or violation of applicable law. Customer will pay those costs and damages finally awarded against Exit Games in any such action that are specifically attributable to such claim or those costs and damages agreed to in a monetary settlement of such action.

3.5	Bankruptcy. All licenses granted pursuant to this Agreement are, for purposes of Section 365(n) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, deemed to be licenses of rights to “intellectual property” as defined under Section 101 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. In any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding involving Exit Games, Customer, as licensee of such rights, will retain and fully exercise all of its rights and elections under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, which will apply notwithstanding conflict of law principles.


4.0	Upgrades and Updates. 
Exit Games may, in its sole discretion, either for free or at an additional charge, provide to Customer Upgrades or Updates to the Licensed Products. “Upgrade” means an incremental release of the Licensed Products, including significant improvements (not merely corrections for software defects and deficiencies) and changes to the basic character or structure of the Licensed Products, including, by way of example only, the inclusion of additional features and/or functionality. Upon upgrading to a new version of the Licensed Products, Customer shall immediately cease using the previous version of the Licensed Products, and shall also ensure that it is not used by anybody else. “Update” means a patch, including patch releases, issued by Exit Games to correct defects or deficiencies in the Licensed Products or to provide minor modifications that do not substantially change the basic character or structure of the Licensed Products. 


5.0	Publicity.  
During the Term of this Agreement, Customer hereby agrees that Exit Games shall have the right, but not the obligation, to include Customer’s name and logo as a customer that uses the Licensed Productson the Exit Games website and in other materials promoting the Licensed Products.   


6.0	Proprietary Rights.  
As between the parties, Exit Games will retain all ownership rights in and to the Exit Games Marks, the Licensed Products (including any optional functionality), the Documentation, all Updates and Upgrades and other derivative works of the Licensed Products and/or Documentation that are provided by Exit Games, and all intellectual property rights incorporated into or related to the foregoing.  Customer acknowledges that the goodwill associated with the Exit Games Marks belongs exclusively to Exit Games and, upon request, Customer will modify or cease its use of any Exit Games Marks.  All rights not expressly licensed by Exit Games under this Agreement are reserved.  


7.0	Warranties and Disclaimer. 

7.1	Warranties.  Exit Games represents and warrants that the Licensed Products, as delivered and when used in accordance with the Documentation, (a) will perform in all material respects as specified in such Documentation for a period of 30 days of the Initial License Term (as defined below), and (b) will not contain, any “back door,” “time bomb,” “Trojan horse,” “worm,” “drop dead device,” “virus,” “preventative routines” or other computer software routines intentionally designed to permit unauthorized access to or use of either the Licensed Software or Customer’s computer systems (“Viruses”); provided that the Licensed Software does include functionality that verifies that Customer does not exceed the agreed number of Servers and CCU, and prevents access to and use of the Licensed Software in the event that Customer fails to pay the applicable fees when due.  In the event of any breach of the warranty in subsection (a) above, Exit Games shall, as its sole liability and Customer’s sole remedy, diligently remedy any deficiencies that cause the Licensed Products to not conform to the foregoing warranty promptly after its receipt of written notice from Customer.  Exit Games will not be liable to the extent that any breach of the foregoing warranties are caused by (i) third-party components (including in combination with the Licensed Software) not provided by Exit Games or any open source components or freeware included within the Licensed Software; (ii) modifications to the Licensed Products; (iii) unauthorized use or use of the Licensed Products other than in accordance with the Documentation or (iv) Viruses introduced by Customer or its agents or customers (collectively, “Exclusions”). 

7.2	Disclaimer.  THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES IN SECTION 7.1 ARE THE EXCLUSIVE WARRANTIES OFFERED BY EXIT GAMES AND ALL OTHER CONDITIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY CONDITIONS OR WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, ACCURACY, QUIET ENJOYMENT, TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY AND THOSE THAT ARISE FROM ANY COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED.  EXIT GAMES DOES NOT WARRANT THAT CUSTOMER’S USE THE LICENSED PRODUCTS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED OR THAT IT WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.  THE LICENSED PRODUCTS (INCLUDING ALL COMPONENTS THEREOF AND THE DOCUMENTATION) AND ALL DELIVERABLES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.   


8.0	Indemnification. 
Exit Games will indemnify, hold harmless and defend at its own expense any action against Customer brought by a third party to the extent that the action is based upon a claim that the Licensed Products (or any component thereof owned by Exit Games) infringe any United States, European Union and Japan copyrights or misappropriates any trade secret rights, and Exit Games will pay those costs and damages finally awarded against Customer in any such action that are specifically attributable to such claim or those costs and damages agreed to in a monetary settlement of such action. The foregoing obligations are conditioned on Customer notifying Exit Games promptly in writing of such action, Customer giving Exit Games sole control of the defense thereof and any related settlement negotiations, and Customer cooperating and, at Exit Games’ reasonable request and expense, assisting in such defense. If the Licensed Products (or any component thereof owned by Exit Games) becomes, or in Exit Games’ opinion is likely to become, the subject of an infringement claim, Exit Games may, at its option and expense, either (a) procure for Customer the right to continue exercising the rights licensed to Customer in this Agreement, or (b) replace or modify the Licensed Product so that it becomes non-infringing and remains functionally equivalent.  If neither of the foregoing options are, in Exit Games’ reasonable opinion, commercially reasonable, Exit Games may terminate this Agreement and will refund to Customer a pro-rata portion of any applicable prepaid Fees.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Exit Games will have no obligation under this Section 8.0 or otherwise with respect to any infringement claim based upon (i) any Exclusions or (ii) continued use of an Update of the Licensed Software (other than the then-current version of the Software) that is more than 12 months old.  This Section 8.0 states Exit Games’ entire liability and Customer’s sole and exclusive remedy for infringement claims and actions.


9.0	Limitations on Liability.  
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL EXIT GAMES BE LIABLE TO CUSTOMER, END USERS OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE LICENSED PRODUCTS AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY PROVIDED HEREUNDER, WHETHER UNDER THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, FOR (A) ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR SPECIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING ANY DAMAGE TO BUSINESS REPUTATION, LOST PROFITS OR LOST DATA), WHETHER FORESEEABLE OR NOT AND WHETHER EXIT GAMES IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR (B) ANY AMOUNTS IN EXCESS OF THE TOTAL OF THE FEES ACTUALLY PAID AND THE FEES PAYABLE TO EXIT GAMES BY CUSTOMER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT DURING THE ONE YEAR PERIOD PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT SUCH LIABILITY FIRST ARISES.        


10.0	Confidentiality.  
The Licensed Products and all trade secret information incorporated therein or derived, directly or indirectly, therefrom are confidential information of Exit Games. Customer shall keep in confidence and trust and not disclose or disseminate, or permit any employee, agent or other party working under Customer’s direction to disclose or disseminate, the substance of any such confidential information of Exit Games.  The commitments in this Agreement will not impose any obligations on Customer with respect to any portion of the received information which, as evidenced by independent documentation: (a) is now generally known or available or which hereafter, through no act or failure to act on Customer’s part, becomes generally known or available; or (b) is rightfully known to Customer at the time of receiving such information. Customer acknowledges that monetary damages may not be a sufficient remedy for unauthorized disclosure or use of Exit Games’ confidential information and that Exit Games may seek, without waiving any other rights or remedies, such injunctive or equitable relief as may be deemed proper by a court of competent jurisdiction.


11.0	Term and Termination. 

11.1	Term; Renewals.

(a) With the exception of Trial Software Licenses (other than the 20 CCU free Cloud License), the initial term of each Licensed Product subject to this Agreement shall be for a period of 12 months or until the end of the then-current calendar month, as agreed upon by the parties, commencing on the date that Exit Games accepts Customer’s offer to obtain the right to use the Licensed Product (“Initial Term”).

(b) With the exception of Trial Software Licenses (other than the 20 CCU free Cloud License), (i) a Licensed Product with an Initial Term of twelve (12) months will automatically renew at the same Fees applicable during the immediately preceding term for renewal periods of 12 months; (ii) a Licensed Product with an Initial Term of one (1) month or less will automatically renew at the same Fees applicable during the immediately preceding term for renewal periods of 1 calendar month; provided, however, that the Term will not renew if either party notifies the other party prior to the commencement of the applicable renewal period that it does not intend to renew the Term upon the same terms. The Initial Term and all renewal terms are collectively referred to hereinafter as the “Term.”

(c) The Term of a Trial Software License (other than the 20 CCU free Cloud License) shall be specified at the time the relevant Trial Software License is ordered by Customer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Exit Games reserves the right to discontinue free or trial versions of the Licensed Products and/or to termite Trial Software Licenses at any time and for any reason.

11.2	Termination. This Agreement shall continue in effect until terminated as set forth herein. This Agreement may be terminated by either party if the other party materially breaches this Agreement and does not cure the breach within 30 days after receiving written notice thereof from the non-breaching party. Additionally, this Agreement may be terminated by Exit Games in the event that Customer fails to pay applicable Fees when due.  Upon any termination of this Agreement, without prejudice to any other rights or remedies which the parties may have, (a) all rights licensed and obligations required hereunder shall immediately cease (including Customer’s and its end users’ right to access and use the Licensed Products); provided that Sections 6.0 through 10.0, 12.0 and 13.0 shall survive termination, (b) Customer will promptly delete and destroy all instances of the Licensed Products in its possession or control (if any), and (c) Customer shall pay to Exit Games any outstanding Fees that have accrued prior to the date of termination. 


12.0	Fees and Payment. 
Subject to the terms and conditions below, Customer will pay to Exit Games, as applicable, all agreed fees for the Licensed Products (“Fees”) in advance of the then-current term (i.e., payment for the Initial Term is due prior to the commencement of the Initial Term, and payment for all subsequent renewal terms is due prior to each renewal term) via credit card, PayPal or other payment mechanism accepted by Exit Games. All amounts payable shall be in the currency of the United States and specifically exclude (and Customer is responsible for) any and all applicable sales, use and other taxes, (other than taxes based on Exit Games’ income). Late payments will bear interest at the lesser of one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month, compounded monthly (equivalent to 19.56% per annum) or the highest rate permitted by law, until paid in full. Each party is responsible for its own expenses under this Agreement.


13.0	Miscellaneous.

(a) The parties are independent contractors with respect to each other, and nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as creating an employer-employee relationship, a partnership, agency relationship or a joint venture between the parties.  

(b) Each party will be excused from any delay or failure in performance hereunder, other than the payment of money, caused by reason of any occurrence or contingency beyond its reasonable control, including but not limited to acts of God, earthquake, labor disputes and strikes, riots, war and governmental requirements.  The obligations and rights of the party so excused will be extended on a day-to-day basis for the period of time equal to that of the underlying cause of the delay. 

(c) This Agreement controls the actions of all party representatives, officers, agents, employees and associated individuals. The terms of this Agreement shall be binding on the parties, and all successors to the foregoing. Customer will not assign, transfer or delegate its rights or obligations under this Agreement (in whole or in part) without Exit Games’ prior written consent.  Any attempted assignment, transfer or delegation in violation of the foregoing shall be null and void.  

(d) All modifications to or waivers of any terms of this Agreement must be in a writing that is signed by the parties hereto and expressly references this Agreement.  

(e) This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Oregon, without regard to Oregon conflict of laws rules.  The exclusive venue and jurisdiction for any and all disputes, claims and controversies arising from or relating to this Agreement shall be the state or federal courts located in Portland, Oregon.  Each party waives any objection (on the grounds of lack of jurisdiction, forum non conveniens or otherwise) to the exercise of such jurisdiction over it by any such courts.  The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply to the interpretation or enforcement of this Agreement.  

(f) In the event that any provision of this Agreement conflicts with governing law or if any provision is held to be null, void or otherwise ineffective or invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, (a) such provision shall be deemed to be restated to reflect as nearly as possible the original intentions of the parties in accordance with applicable law, and (b) the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any breach of any provision of this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of any prior, concurrent or subsequent breach of the same or any other provisions hereof, and no waiver shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party. Collectively the foregoing constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements or communications, including, without limitation, any quotations or proposals submitted by Exit Games.  The terms on any purchase order or similar document submitted by Customer to Exit Games will have no effect and are hereby rejected.  

(g) All notices, consents and approvals under this Agreement must be delivered in writing by courier, by facsimile, or by certified or registered mail, (postage prepaid and return receipt requested) to the other party at its main corporate headquarters and sent to the attention of such party’s Chief Executive Officer.



B. MFPS addons

[name of license; e.g., “MIT”, “MIT/X11”, “Apache 2.0”]

[license and copyright/accreditation details—determined by relevant license]
